this is my um switching drive but I just
powered by Ruby thank you wish people we
work awfully American people the engines
like 15 years old found in the shed and
then my dad's friend made this it's a
3.1 centimeters for one quarter inches
in diameter aluminium pole and then
how's this patent on it because my
advice is everything you roll it from
the lace it's 10 mil along I mean powder
mill sorry and then there's that just
some the Australian man that screws on
and we just put some Loctite in it and
screwed on we painted this because it's
like to walk and all the mount and now
someone like an hour one detail on that
for ya first of all is a bar that goes
down from here down to there and it's a
slip which they put into your bolts
wheel goes on then you just type it up
from this there's a little this is not a
time swivel just in case you
change the height change how you write
up or down and then that goes down here
and we builded a flight here and then
again faltered that on this simota is
just another box that we cut a little
stuff like that would be grand up and
then we do
put up I'm screwed on with the mountain
hawks and you're not the same down there
split in it so I am bikes down on it
that's pretty much it then we have
another bar that goes down here and then
you neither world that on or just drill
it on we water them because after we
made it swivel it's off to enjoy so we
don't really exhausted anyway we just
want that on this just in case because
there honey well done the motor was only
joined on with to screw see the matrix
for just our Musharraf the very very
strong out the throttle at issues there
a break Cleveland and cable and is round
so does my throttle and then my two
breaks unless very well the bike is I
know about my dad's grilling options
flattened ca3 Spiegel west and the
athletic spring that they've extension
and then you especially from Julie
copyright only gets there for anthem
heiresses when I writing on the main
road very scary with close behind you I
don't really like your structure on 40 k
so on ya through smooth right and just
start you just talk I told about for
about five minutes off and yeah that's
basically it alright so there is my own
friction powers but by a rear axle or
six nipple when your college yeah good
luck right here yeah